engine: add beta path (#1174)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/console/pages/config/deserialization.adoc

[[sr-protobuf]]
=== Use Schema Registry for Protobuf

If you use a Schema Registry for Protobuf deserialization, Redpanda Console can automatically fetch and use the required schemas without the need for manual topic mappings or additional configuration.

> When using Schema Registry for Protobuf, you should not configure `serde.protobuf`. Redpanda Console detects and uses the Protobuf schemas from the Schema Registry automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Schema Registry for Protobuf, you must not configure `serde.protobuf`. Redpanda Console detects and uses the Protobuf schemas from the Schema Registry automatically.

If you configure `serde.protobuf`, it enables manual deserialization mode, which requires you to specify topic mappings and source providers. Without those, Redpanda Console fails to start due to validation errors.
```

      # keyProtoType: Not specified because the key is a plain string
----

> * `serde.protobuf.enabled`: Set to `true` to enable Protobuf deserialization.

Reviewer 2: I'm not seeing changes on line 69, 98, or 129 in the preview. Is there some conditioning being used?
